Module : User Management
Definition:
Screen Fields:
Code – Textbox - unique
First name - Textbox
Last Name - Textbox
Email - Textbox
Gender – Radio (Male, Female)
Hobbies – Checkbox (Reading, Travelling, Music, Cricket, Dancing, Singing) – consider array of object
with numeric key and value - [{key: 1, value: “Reading”}]
Photo – Image upload control
Country – Dropdown ( Country list – India, USA, etc)
Table name – users
Table Fields:
recid – bigint(20) – Auto Increment and Primary Key
code – char(6) – this will be unique for all user ( USR001, USR002, etc )
firstname – varchar(100)
lastname – varchar(100)
email - varchar(255)
gender – char(1) – (“M” for male, “F” for female)
hobbies – varchar(255) – comma separated key of hobbies (example - 1,3,4)
photo – varchar(100) – Path of the image will be stored
country – varchar(30)
status – char(1) – (“Y” for active, “N” for Inactive)
dateadded – datetime – current datetime when entry is added.
dateupdated– datetime – current datetime when entry is updated.
endeffdt – datetime – current datetime when entry is deleted.
Functionalities:
• Listing
- Display of following fields:
Code, Name ( Firstname + Lastname), email, image, gender, hobbies, dateadded, status,
action
Status – Active / Inactive – It will be a link and by clicking on it, status can be updated. For
example, if current status is Active and if we click on it, then status will be converted to
Inactive.
Action – View, Edit and Delete – View will open separate page where all the details are
printed. Edit will take to the Edit view and delete will delete the record.in case of delete,
confirmation box is required.
Dateformat – 20/06/2022 02:44:22
• Add & Update Operations
- Add / update with following fields.
Code, First name, Last Name, Email, Gender, Hobbies, Photo, Country
Javascript/client side validation for the above all fields. All fields are mandatory and also
check for the email validation. Code can be added only in add case, add unique validation for
code, in edit case it will display as a label only.
Status will be added as Inactive by default.
• View Detail Case
- This will open page where all the below details should be printed.
- Code, First name, Last Name, Email, Gender, Hobbies, Photo, Country, Date added, Date
Updated, Status
• Filters, Sorting & Pagination
Pagination – Consider search criteria.
Sorting – name, date
- Filters: add below filters:
Search box – search the result by user’s code, firstname, lastname and email
Gender – Radio filter – Male and Female
Hobbies – Multi select dropdown
Status – single select dropdown - Active and Inactive.
Reset – this will clear the search.
• Export to CSV / Excel
- Export the following fields for those records which are currently displayed on the screen.
Code, Name ( Firstname + Lastname), email, gender, hobbies, status, dateadded,
dateupdated
• Import from CSV / Excel
- Import the following fields to system.
Code, firstname, lastname, email, gender, hobbies, country
Import functionality will work on the basis of code. If code is already exist in the system
then the record should be updated, otherwise new record will be created in the system
